vlan 10
interface eth 1/1
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
interface eth 1/2
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
interface eth 1/3
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
interface eth 1/4
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
interface eth 1/5
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
interface eth 1/6
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
interface eth 1/7
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
interface eth 1/8
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
interface eth 1/9
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
interface eth 1/10
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
vlan 20
interface eth 1/11
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
interface eth 1/12
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
interface eth 1/13
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
interface eth 1/14
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
interface eth 1/15
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
interface eth 1/16
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
interface eth 1/17
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
interface eth 1/18
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
interface eth 1/19
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
interface eth 1/20
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
vlan 30
interface eth 1/21
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
interface eth 1/22
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
interface eth 1/23
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
interface eth 1/24
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
interface eth 1/25
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
interface eth 1/26
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
interface eth 1/27
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
interface eth 1/28
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
interface eth 1/29
switchport
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
interface eth 1/30
switchport
switchport mode trunk
switchport access vlan 30
vlan 99
interface ethernet 1/31
switchport
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk native vlan 99
interface ethernet 1/32
switchport
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk native vlan 99
interface ethernet 1/33
switchport
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk native vlan 99

